Is the general shape of the forewing broad or narrow, and is the forewing short or long compared to its width-to-length ratio?

Is the general shape of the forewing oval, oblong oval, ovoid, or rhomboidal?

What is the color pattern of the entire forewing?

Is the entire forewing membrane densely covered in spinules, moderately, or sparsely?

Do spinules form a pattern? If so, is the pattern in transverse rows, hexagonal, two hexagonal rows, or randomly distributed?

What color are the veins in the forewing?

Is there color pigmentation present along the apices of the pterostigma and veins Rs, M1+2, M3+4, Cu1a, and Cu1b? If present, what are the colors?

Are spinule-free strips present along the cell veins? If so, which ones, and are the spinule-free strips broad or narrow?

Is the shape of the apical two-thirds of vein C+Sc nearly straight, moderately convex, or strongly convex on the wing margin?

Is vein C+Sc convex at base?

Is there a costal break between vein C+Sc and the pterostigma if the pterostigma is present?

Is the pterostigma cell present or absent?

If the pterostigma cell is present, is it as broad as it is long or short in length, and is it broad or narrow in relative width?

In which region of the pterostigma cell is it broadest; at the base or middle, or apical 2/3rds or apical 1/3rd?

If the pterostigma cell is present, is the posterior vein of the pterostigma in the apical two-thirds relatively straight or moderately to broadly convex or is the posterior vein convex across its entire length?

Vein Rs: Is it relatively straight or sinuate, and does it abruptly, moderately, or slightly turn up to the wing margin apically?

Is cell M1 relatively broad or narrow in width, and is it long or short in length compared to the total forewing length?

Vein Cu1a at the bottom of cell M2: Is it slightly, moderately, or strongly convex in the apical two-thirds or along the entire length of vein Cu1a?

Is cell Cu1 broad or narrow in width, and is it short or long in length compared to the total forewing length?

Is the apex of vein Cu1a strongly, moderately, or weakly arced towards the posterior margin of the forewing?

Are the surface spinules absent or present on the basal one-third or one-half of cell C+Sc?

In which part forewing is the widest: at base, or in the middle, or in apical two thirds, or in apical third?

Is apical margin of forewing broadly rounded, or narrowly rounded, or triangular? If rounded, is apical margin evenly or unevenly rounded?

Is forewing membrane and/or veins covered by setae? If yes, are these setae long or short, densely or rarely distributed?



